All right so now it's time for
you to give this a try all right.
So now that you've gone through this
process and you've seen how this works,
here's what I'd like for you to do next.
I want you to try styling the contact
section of the webpage and so
I'll show you on the real webpage.
The contact section of the webpage
is this part right here, contact me.
We're gonna make an exception to that
at this point in time, let's say,
where don't worry about
the button just yet.
Just make it a plain old link.
We'll go back and
get the button a little bit later.
And so here's what you need to do.
I'll give you the beginning code pan.
I'd like you to style up that text.
I'd like you to markup
the HTML appropriately.
This is the way it's supposed to look.
You have the oxygen and oxygen motto.
Fonts, which we have continued to use.
The CSS that we wrote earlier
should carry into this code pen.
In other words, you don't have to
rewrite everything from the beginning.
Copy over the CSS that exists so far.
And then you'll continue to add to
that CSS as you work on this contact
portion of the webpage